Support metric_relabel_configs in distributor (#3329)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Increased default `-<prefix>.redis.timeout` from `100ms` to `500ms`. #3301
* [FEATURE] Added support for shuffle-sharding queriers in the query-frontend. When configured (`-frontend.max-queriers-per-tenant` globally, or using per-tenant limit `max_queriers_per_tenant`), each tenants's requests will be handled by different set of queriers. #3113 #3257
* [FEATURE] Query-frontend: added `compression` config to support results cache with compression. #3217

> * [FEATURE] Support `metric_relabel_confis` in distributor. #3329

Reviewer: configs instead of confis (just a simples typo) ;)

> * [FEATURE] Support `metric_relabel_configs` in distributor. #3329

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Added the support for applying a Prometheus metrics relabel config on series received by the distributor. The `metric_relabel_configs` field was added to the limits config. #3329
```

Author: Thanks, I updated my comment
